[DOCS] Sort option for the grok patterns endpoint (#62092)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/grok.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

> The request has an optional boolean parameter for returning the patterns sorted
> by name. By default, the patterns are returned in the order they are read from
> disk which preserves groupings of related patterns (e.g., all patterns
> related to parsing Linux syslog lines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the API returns patterns in the order they are read from disk. This
sort order preserves groupings of related patterns. For example, all patterns
related to parsing Linux syslog lines stay grouped together.

You can use the optional boolean `s` query parameter to sort returned patterns
by key name instead.
```

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
GET _ingest/processor/grok?s
--------------------------------------------------

> The above request will return a response body containing a key-value
> representation of the built-in patterns dictionary sorted by key name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API returns the following response.
```
